Builder support changes (#451)
prysmaticlabs/documentation: website/docs/execution-node/fee-recipient.md

    <td>
    Sets a default ETH address for all validator public keys. <br /> <br /> 
    <strong>Example</strong>: <code>--suggested-fee-recipient=0x0123456722E6b0000012BFEBf6177F1D2e9758D9</code> <br /> <br /> 

>     <strong>Note</strong>: This setting is overwritten by the flags below and will act as a fallback catch all.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <strong>Note</strong>: This setting is overwritten by the flags below. If you don't set any other flags, this will apply to all validator public keys.
```

Thoughts on this?

    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>proposer-settings-file</code></td>
    <td>

>     Sets the local file location for the proposer-settings ( settings for your validator key when proposing a block) in YAML or JSON file formats. <br /> <br /> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Sets the local file location for your `proposer-settings` YAML or JSON configuration. This configuration lets you configure proposer settings for your validator keys. <br /> <br /> 
```

    <strong>Example</strong>: <code>--proposer-settings-file=./fee_recipient_config.json</code> <br /> <br /> 
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>proposer-settings-url</code></td>
    <td>

>     Sets a URL for remote proposer-settings( settings for your validator key when proposing a block).  <br /> <br /> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A remote `proposer-settings` configuration endpoint in URL format. <br /> <br /> 
```

Removing a bit of duplication since we provide context above - once you're ready for an all-up review we can take a look at the rendered content to see how it flows with/without the duplication?

    <strong>Example:</strong> "0x012345670FCE8a85ec7055A5F8b2bE214B3DaeFd3"<br /> <br /> 
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><code>proposer_config.gas_limit</code></td>
    <td>
    Optional. <code>proposer_config</code>.  <br /> <br /> 
    <strong>Type:</strong> uint64 <br /> <br /> 

>     <strong>Note:</strong> Applicable when using custom block builders. sets a gas limit goal for block builders to target, block limits can only change a fixed amount per proposal. Default limit is 30M.

Author: it is the upper bound that they want to stay below but can drive up the current upper bound. That is my current understanding.

    <strong>Example:</strong> "0x012345670FCE8a85ec7055A5F8b2bE214B3DaeFd3"<br /> <br /> 
    </td>
  </tr>
   <tr>
    <td><code>default_config.gas_limit</code></td>
    <td>
    Optional. <code>default_config</code>.  <br /> <br /> 
    <strong>Type:</strong> uint64 <br /> <br /> 

>     <strong>Note:</strong> Applicable when using custom block builders. sets a gas limit goal for block builders to target, block limits can only change a fixed amount per proposal. Default limit is 30M.

Author: updated to match
